doc: update publishing guide documentation (#15939)
eclipse-theia/theia: doc/Publishing.md

### 1.1 Announce Release

#### Base Release 1.x.0

> - Provide a heads-up to developers and the community a few hours before the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide a heads-up to developers and the community two days before the release.
```

- Use GitHub Discussions for the announcement in the [Category General](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/discussions/new?category=general).

    Title:

    ```md
    Eclipse Theia v{{version}}
    ```

    Body:

    ```md
    Hey everyone 👋,

    The Eclipse Theia v{{version}} release is scheduled for **{{releaseDate}}**.

>     Use the Endgame issue below to track what’s included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the Endgame issue below to track what’s included. If you have any nearly-complete PRs that should to be included, let us know in the endgame issue before we begin:
```

    - https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/issues/{{currentEndgameIssue}}

    We’ll post updates when the release begins and again once it’s finished.
    Please avoid merging pull requests until we confirm the release is complete.
    ```

- Refer to [this example](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/discussions/14547) for guidance.
- Also send a mail to `theia-dev@eclipse.org` (don't forget to add the link to the discussion):

    ```md
    Hi,

>     The Eclipse Theia **v{{version}}** release is scheduled for later today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Eclipse Theia **v{{version}}** release is scheduled for **{{releaseDate}}**!
```

    If you have any nearly-complete PRs that should to be part of the release, please mention it in the endgame issue before we start:

    - https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/issues/{{currentEndgameIssue}}

    We’ll post updates when the release begins and again once it’s finished.
    Please avoid merging pull requests until we confirm the release is complete.
    ```

- Refer to [this example](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/discussions/14547) for guidance.
- Also send a mail to `theia-dev@eclipse.org` (don't forget to add the link to the discussion):

    ```md
    Hi,
    The Eclipse Theia **v{{version}}** release is scheduled for **{{releaseDate}}**!
    You can follow the progress here: {{linkToDiscussion}}
    ```

#### Patch Release 1.x.z

- Provide a heads-up to developers and the community a few hours before the release.
- Use the [Base Release discussion](#base-release-1x0) and post a comment to announce the patch release.

  ```md
  We’re preparing the patch release Eclipse Theia v{{version}}

  Follow the endgame checklist here:
  - https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/issues/{{patchEndgameIssue}}

>   We’ll post updates when the release begins and again once it’s finished.
>   Please avoid merging pull requests until we confirm the release is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We’ll post an update once the release is finished.
```

It's on the release branch, so start and not merging is not important.

### 2.1 Performing a Release

> - Announcement for Base Release (x.x.0) & Patch Release (x.x.y)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Announcement for Base Release (x.x.0)
```

  - Announce that the release is starting as a comment in the [Release discussion](#base-release-1x0).

    ```md

>     The (patch) release will start now. We’ll post an update once it has completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The release will start now. We’ll post an update once it has completed.
```
